<div align = 'justify';'><p>Greetings! Welcome to my portfolio repository! A few introductions about myself, I am an inspiring Data Analyst / Scientist that wishes to focus on various <strong>Supply Chain Functions from Logistics, Warehousing or Inventory Management, and Sales to Consumers.</strong> 
 I have a Bachelors Degree in Industrial Engineering and a Masters Degree in Supply Chain thus the reason why I want to focus in these areas. However, I am still open to various industries as I really enjoy data analysis and finding the story in them. My goal for this repository is to display my growing skills and my thought process throughout these various areas and projects</p></div>
<h2>List of Projects:</h2>
<ol>
<li><h4><a href="https://github.com/ibpinto3098/SuperStore-Sales-Analysis">Super Store Sales Analysis</a>:</h4><p>In this project, you will be able to see how I explored the dataset to find trends, and consumer behavior. I have also dug deeper to find possible issues and problems that the supermarket is experiencing that may need further attention. </p></li>
<li><h4><a href="https://github.com/ibpinto3098/COVID19-and-HDI-Project">Covid 19 and HDI Webscraping Project</a>:</h4><p> In this project, I have conducted webscraping methods to create my own dataset to see the effects of being a developed country and a developing country compared to one another. You will see in this project how I cleaned and extrapolated my own dataset to come up with insights on these statistics.</p></li>
<li><h4><a href="https://github.com/ibpinto3098/Seoul-Bike-Sharing-Analysis/tree/main">Seoul Bike Sharing Forecasting Regression</a></h4><p> In this project, I will be creating a model that can forecast the usage of Rented bikes in Seoul. I have conducted several Regression methods such as a standard Linear Regression, Support Vector Regression, Decision Tree Regression, K Nearest Neighbour Regression, Random Forest Regression, and XGBoost Regression.  I wanted to see how each type of regression performs between one another.  Another experiment I included was to do the model in two different types of data where firstly is that there were some variables converted to Categorical variables, and second is I retained the original version of data in the dataset to see how each regressor performed.</p></li>
</ol>
<h2></h2>

<p>Feel free to look into any of my projects (even future projects) that may pique your interest in the field of Supply Chain combined with Data Analytics / Science.</p><br>
<p>Thank you for your time in going through my profile!</p>
